now is the time when i read to
you
tweets from pissed off people
regarding the demotion
this one is from yonder boy in
early two thousand six neil
degrasse tyson accidentally blew
up Pluto has been trying to hide
the fact ever since I'm not
authorized to comment on that
one
this one from car logic
neil degrasse tyson just had to
tow declared no longer a dog
everyone's favorite planet I
don't care if they killed it
to me you know will always
remain
part of this damn you
interesting that you getting
that emotional about an object
this one fifth the size of
Earth's poop
which if they were swapped where
earth is right now heat from the
Sun would evaporate is ice and
it would grow a tail kind of
behavior is that
since the Pluto is on its way to
being a planet again
I can't help but feel that Neil
Tyson is plotting something
yeah next is Earth or demote
earth
yeah your worst nightmares are
coming true neil degrasse tyson
is like on the top of my list of
role model and people i meet
because of how amazing his mind
is and then the Pluto thing
WTF Neil deGrasse Tyson you're
talking about our galaxy and
don't include Pluto
I thought you knew what's up man
I was probably speaking of the
solar system is the galaxies way
bigger than our solar system and
yes I'm if I'm listening the
planet i want to stop it Neptune
it over
yeah